Role 
I have a Git Repository which is really important to me and I want to update it with the help of my fellow developers.
However I am really short on time.
So, I want you to replace me and help me with the pull request I have received.
Analyze it properly, so that I can decide whether to merge it or not.
Assume you are an experienced Software Developer with 15+ years of experience across various technologies.
---
Context 
The context consists of 2 reports: 
First is the Git Report. 
It tells us about:
- URL, name of the owner ,repo, branch
- comparison(status, ahead by, behind by, files changed, total_files, total_additions, total_deletions)
- files in each etc.
{{{gitreport}}}

Second is the Meta Data Report, which gives the metadata about the 
-> 2 repositories: url, name of the owner ,branch,description,language,visibility, created_at, updated_at
-> comparison(status, ahead by, behind by, files changed)
-> 5 most recent commit on the upstream branch.
{{{metadatareport}}}
----
Instructions
1. Review the following pull request.
2. Go through all the request, have a look at the changes and tell me why those changes were made by the user.
   Consider each and every updation and tell me why is the code altered at all and what changes are seen from the original
   repository.
3. In the end after evaluating each change, evaluate it for: Code quality, Security issues, Performance impact, Adherence to best practices, Whether it is safe to merge and recommendation whether to merge or not
4.   So, enlist with the help of the report, the changes, then give an explanation as to how and why has the code been changed.
    Once done, provide me with the evaluation of quality, security, adherence to practices, safety to merge and recommendation.
5. Also, return both the reports, it must be the first thing you return, so that the user also gets some overview before the analysis done by you.
-----
Output Format
1. Return the 2 files, without the context part of gitreport and also return the metadata report.
2. Return changes and reasoning
3. Return the analysis (safety, security, quality, adherence, recommendation)
